feat: thread autoscaling (#1266)
dunglas/frankenphp: docs/config.md

{
	frankenphp {
		num_threads <num_threads> # Sets the number of PHP threads to start. Default: 2x the number of available CPUs.

> 		max_threads <num_threads> # Limits the number of additional PHP threads that can be started at runtime. Default: num_threads.

Reviewer: Add docs for `auto`?

Reviewer 2: I added a mention, it's explained in `performance.md` for now. We can make it the default in the future if this turns out to work well.

> 		php_ini <key> <value> # Overrides a single PHP configuration. Can be specified more than once for multiple overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		php_ini <key> <value> # Set a php.ini directive. Can be used several times to set multiple directives.
```

the `PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR` environment variable can be used.
When set, PHP will load all the file with the `.ini` extension present in the given directories.

> You can also overwrite single configurations using the `php_ini` directive in the `Caddyfile`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change the PHP configuration using the `php_ini` directive in the `Caddyfile`:
```
